so today is July 31st 2009 and this
store doll was found on my dresser in my
bedroom my mother and I left the house
and check the rooms there was no doll
I've never seen this table before in my
life nearby was my mother
you guys had brother no one has ever
seen this all before we didn't set the
alarm came back dolls on the counter
dolls on my dresser very strange what's
not strange is that there was a man
living in our neighborhood who does
radars for the police and last time we
left our alarm off our back door was
open time before that somebody was in
the house every time I leave the alarm
off somebody gets in and the guy right
down the street who makes the radars
more than likely has a radar on our
house and knows when the alarms off
because the only reason it keeps
happening in that order
that same pattern would be if they knew
if the alarm was off so where did this
doll come from probably the guy down the
street who works for the police after
watching all the police videos on
television no longer trust them yeah
used to be on this side thinking they're
all for the people you know just honest
people doing their job trying to protect
and get in a bad rap but nope so much
corruption has led me to believe that
most officers are crooks and with power
comes corruption with great power comes
little Dora dolls on your dresser when
you leave the house and forget to turn
the alarm well whoever it is probably
the guy on the street you left this at
our house if you like the doll we'll
have it on the mailbox outside we'll
leave a note tell your daughter she
forgot this in her house okay bye